Docs 8063 metrics archive api docs (#128)
mulesoft/docs-monitoring: modules/ROOT/pages/api-analytics-dashboard.adoc

+
. If you want to view API analytics in API Manager, click the *View API in API Manager* link.

[[enhanced-api-metrics]]

> == Enhanced Metrics View for API Analytics Dashboards

Reviewer: I don't understand this title and how it's related to the archive API.

Author: The heading is for enhanced metrics view and not specifically the API. The basic view is also described in this topic. So, in short, it isn't.

API analytics dashboards include various pages to view different types of charts.

> Titanium users who use the enhanced metrics view for API analytics can use the Anypoint Monitoring Archive API to download metric data that appears in the charts.

Reviewer: How about this:
Titanium users who use the enhanced API analytics dashboards can also access the data directly via the Anypoint Monitoring Archive API. With this powerful API, you can navigate and discover your API metrics data using a directory hierarchy. The API allows download of files that contains JSON objects which represent........

> Titanium users who use the enhanced metrics view for API analytics can use the Anypoint Monitoring Archive API to download metric data that appears in the charts.

Author: ```suggestion
Titanium users who use the enhanced API analytics dashboards also access the data directly via the Anypoint Monitoring Archive API. With this API, you can navigate and discover your API metrics data using a directory hierarchy.
```

> Titanium users who use the enhanced API analytics dashboards can also access the data directly via the Anypoint Monitoring Archive API. With this API, you can navigate and discover your API metrics data using a directory hierarchy.

Reviewer 2: Consider adding a paragraph break here,

> Using a directory hierarchy, the API allows access to text files that contains https://anypoint.mulesoft.com/exchange/portals/anypoint-platform/f1e97bc6-315a-4490-82a7-23abe036327a.anypoint-platform/anypoint-monitoring-archive-api/minor/1.0/pages/Metric%20Data/[JSON objects] that represent one or more metric events. You can also write an application to navigate the data collected by the API and integrate it into your own system. For more information about this API, see the https://anypoint.mulesoft.com/exchange/portals/anypoint-platform/f1e97bc6-315a-4490-82a7-23abe036327a.anypoint-platform/anypoint-monitoring-archive-api/minor/1.0/pages/home/[Anypoint Monitoring Archive API] page in Anypoint Exchange.

Author: ```suggestion
The API allows you to download files that contain https://anypoint.mulesoft.com/exchange/portals/anypoint-platform/f1e97bc6-315a-4490-82a7-23abe036327a.anypoint-platform/anypoint-monitoring-archive-api/minor/1.0/pages/Metric%20Data/[JSON objects] that represent one or more metric events. You can also write an application to navigate the data collected by the API and integrate it into your own system. For more information about this API, see the https://anypoint.mulesoft.com/exchange/portals/anypoint-platform/f1e97bc6-315a-4490-82a7-23abe036327a.anypoint-platform/anypoint-monitoring-archive-api/minor/1.0/pages/home/[Anypoint Monitoring Archive API] page in Anypoint Exchange.
```

> The API allows you to download files that contain https://anypoint.mulesoft.com/exchange/portals/anypoint-platform/f1e97bc6-315a-4490-82a7-23abe036327a.anypoint-platform/anypoint-monitoring-archive-api/minor/1.0/pages/Metric%20Data/[JSON objects] that represent one or more metric events. You can also write an application to navigate the data collected by the API and integrate it into your own system. For more information about this API, see the https://anypoint.mulesoft.com/exchange/portals/anypoint-platform/f1e97bc6-315a-4490-82a7-23abe036327a.anypoint-platform/anypoint-monitoring-archive-api/minor/1.0/pages/home/[Anypoint Monitoring Archive API] page in Anypoint Exchange.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The Anypoint Monitoring Archive API enables you to download files that contain https://anypoint.mulesoft.com/exchange/portals/anypoint-platform/f1e97bc6-315a-4490-82a7-23abe036327a.anypoint-platform/anypoint-monitoring-archive-api/minor/1.0/pages/Metric%20Data/[JSON objects] that represent one or more metric events. You can also write an application to navigate the data collected by the API and integrate it into your own system. +
For more information about this API, see the https://anypoint.mulesoft.com/exchange/portals/anypoint-platform/f1e97bc6-315a-4490-82a7-23abe036327a.anypoint-platform/anypoint-monitoring-archive-api/minor/1.0/pages/home/[Anypoint Monitoring Archive API] page in Anypoint Exchange.
```

+
. If you want to view API analytics in API Manager, click the *View API in API Manager* link.

[[enhanced-api-metrics]]
== Enhanced Metrics View for API Analytics Dashboards

API analytics dashboards provide you with various pages from which you can view different types of charts.

> If you are a Titanium user who uses the enhanced API analytics dashboards, can also access the data directly via the Anypoint Monitoring Archive API. Using this API, you can navigate and discover your API metrics data using a directory hierarchy.

Author: ```suggestion
If you are a Titanium user who uses the enhanced API analytics dashboards, you can also access the data directly via the Anypoint Monitoring Archive API. Using this API, you can navigate and discover your API metrics data using a directory hierarchy.
```

* If you select a time range within the last day, data is aggregated in ten minute increments.
* If you select a time range that is larger than one day, data is aggregated in one hour increments.

== Anypoint Monitoring Archive API for Enhanced API Analytics

> If you are a Titanium user who uses the enhanced API analytics dashboards, you can also access the data directly via the Anypoint Monitoring Archive API. Using this API, you can navigate and discover your API metrics data using a directory hierarchy.

Author: ```suggestion
Titanium users can also access API analytics data directly via the Anypoint Monitoring Archive API. Using this API, you can navigate and discover your API metrics data using a directory hierarchy.
```
